Blogging.
So let's try to apply the hospital five to six.
I number three with another step.
So we got to the house to provide.
We got to do this.
Right.
Then of course you check it out that we have one last warning state of this warning.
You've got to do is I hope.
Of course they just need to rephrase to delete this one.
E6 I shed for the host has enabled it.
If you remember this exclamation mark show that we have it is H and shell enable it in this host.
So it's not our problem.
So it's buck.
So I got the message is only about his age and the shell in Niblett.
That's the only problem connected to the host exist in the cluster and spews out and more about the
cost then uptime is about ninety eight minutes.
So we want to add another hostes we can simply go right ahead and up ushe Attash hosts then we add the
different tones that is excised to each other exist.
If we chose E-6 I want and I like that when we click Finish next.
So it's obscure for the customization.
So I think there are not cost to musicians sitting because this host's profile have only some stink
about the service so it's not having any conflict.
So you see the like connected normal connected connected.
That's it there are all the information about them.
Then if we back to the Somali head to change through one complaint I took that apply to stitching to
inc.
No that's me.
It does not know anything about the store.
The new E-6 I host then zero no compliant.
So we go to check do compliance between this hospital and a different E6 I host.
So we export from Isak's I want.
So if I weren't already compliant with this hostes profile.
So we should see number two right here is X I do and I want LRAD compliance.
Then we have only do it because I trust that is not compliance.
It should Chandru one and two right hand.
So check compliance is what I want E6 I do and it is I.
Of course we need to refresh your get the update.
So you know we have two compliance and one in compliance no compliance.
See if we take return we see the different E6 host then the compliance and not compliance.